royaltystat
©
INTERTAN INC
FILED 02/11/2000
CIK
0000803227
SIC Code
5731 - Radio,TV,Cons Electr Stores
http://www.royaltystat.com
Copyright © 2012 RoyaltyStat® All Rights Reserved
Distribution of this document is restricted under RoyaltyStat's Terms of Use.
EXHIBIT
10(b)
RoyaltyStat
AMENDED AND RESTATED
LICENSE AGREEMENT
(Canada)
Agreement dated to be effective as of the 25th day of January, 1999,
between Tandy Corporation ("Tandy") and InterTAN Canada Ltd. ("ITC").
Tandy is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware,
having its principal place of business at 100 Throckmorton Street, Suite
1800,
Fort Worth, TX, 76102, hereafter Tandy. ITC is an entity organized under the
laws of the Province of Alberta, having a principal place of business at 279
Bayview Drive, Barrie, Ontario, Canada. ITC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
InterTAN, Inc. ("ITI").
©
Tandy has adopted, used, and owns RADIO SHACK as a trade name and
service
mark in Canada in connection with the operation of retail store services
dealing
primarily in electronic products and computers and distribution of catalogs
in
Canada. Tandy also owns those trademarks identified in attached Exhibit 1.
ITC wishes to continue to use RADIO SHACK as a trade name and service
mark
for the operation of ITC owned (or managed) or ITC franchised retail stores
in
Canada dealing primarily in electronic products and related services
including
catalog, mail order and repair services in Canada. ITC also wishes to make
or to
have made certain products under certain trademarks identified in Exhibit 1.
Now, therefore, it is agreed as follows:
1. Tandy grants an exclusive nonassignable license to ITC, provided ITC
is
duly appointed a registered user if so required by applicable law, to use
and to
grant sublicenses to others as herein provided, to use RADIO SHACK as a
trade
name and service mark in Canada in connection with the operation of ITC
owned or
ITC franchised retail stores dealing primarily in electronic products and
related services including catalog, mail order and repair services rendered
in
such stores in Canada, such use being subject to royalties payable in
accordance
with paragraph 5 hereof.
2. Tandy grants to ITC a nonexclusive, nonassignable, royalty-free
license
under all trademarks owned by Tandy or one of its subsidiaries and used
currently (or formerly) in the United States by Radio Shack, a division of
Tandy, and which are identified in Exhibit 1 attached to this Agreement, for
use
in Canada in connection with the advertising and sale of products purchased
through A&A International, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Tandy ("A&A"),
and
RoyaltyStat
©
on (1) those products on which such trademark is used currently (or
formerly) in
the United States by Radio Shack which ITC does not purchase through A&A and
which, as of the date hereof, ITC makes or has made for it by anyone other
than
Tandy or one of its subsidiaries, all as identified in Exhibit 2 attached to
this Agreement, and which
-1-
shall be sold only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement in
Canada
or (2) such other products as Tandy may approve (collectively the
"Products").
The license granted under this paragraph 2 shall be limited to use of the
trademarks on and advertising of the Products. All flyers, catalogs or other
printed materials used to advertise trademarked products must contain a
notice
identifying by name the Tandy trademarks used therein (as identified in
Exhibit
1) and must explicitly state that these trademarks are owned by Tandy
Corporation and are used under license. Tandy agrees that it will be
sufficient
for such notice to identify Tandy trademarks with an asterisk, together with
an
explanatory note that the asterisk identifies a trademark of Tandy which is
used
under license.
3. The licenses granted in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall include the right
to
grant sublicenses, subject to the terms of this Agreement, only to (a)
dealers
for use with dealer programs in Canada and (b) franchisees for use with
franchise programs in Canada, to resell products on which the trademarks are
used. All sublicenses shall conform with the terms of this license and shall
be
subject to similar terms and conditions, subject to the last sentence of
this
paragraph 3, as the dealer and franchise agreements heretofore in use by
Tandy,
as exemplified by the attached Exhibits 3(a) and 3(b). Any provisions in any
agreement pertaining to Tandy not in conformity with Exhibits 3(a) and 3(b),
and
any changes to provisions pertaining to Tandy in any previously approved
agreements, must be approved in writing by Tandy prior to their use by ITC.
No
sublicense shall be granted unless Tandys rights to the trademarks and
service
marks sublicensed are secured under applicable law, pursuant to appropriate
filings of applications for registrations and the filing and procuring of
appropriate approvals for such use including, but not limited to, registered
user registrations, where applicable. All dealer and franchise agreements
entered into or received after the date hereof shall disclose that Tandy is
the
owner of the trade name and service mark being sublicensed, as well as all
trademarks identified in Exhibit 1, and, to the extent ITC can, shall give
Tandy
the right to inspect the premises of each dealer, and franchisee to assure
the
quality of service and merchandise.
4. a) The initial term of this Agreement shall be from November 3, 1993
to
June 30, 2006. However, beginning July 1, 1997 and continuing annually an
additional year shall be automatically added to the initial term each July 1
thereafter until July 1, 2000 in the manner set out in the example below:
EXAMPLE: Date: Term Extended To:
---- ----------------
July 1, 1997 June 30, 2007
July 1, 1998 June 30, 2008
July 1, 1999 June 30, 2009
July 1, 2000 June 30, 2010
July 1, 2001 June 30, 2010 (Term not
-2-
RoyaltyStat
©
extended automatically)
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause during
the
initial term or any extension thereof set out above by providing the other
party
five (5) years prior written notice of termination. Such termination shall
be
effective on June 30 next following the expiration of five (5) years from
the
date appearing on the written notice of termination. Any and all of the
foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on
the
termination of the Amended and Restated Merchandise Agreement between, inter
alia, Tandy and ITC, dated effective as of January 25, 1999. On or before
June
30, 2005, the parties agree to discuss further extension of this Agreement,
however, such discussions shall not imply any duty whatsoever on the part of
Tandy to do anything beyond discussing the matter.
(b) Any extensions of the licenses herein granted beyond the terms
set
forth in paragraph 4(a) of this Agreement shall be at the sole
discretion
of Tandy. It is hereby agreed that any such extensions that are granted
by
Tandy will include payment of royalties from ITC to Tandy at a rate
which
shall be negotiated and agreed by the parties in good faith prior to
any
such extension.
(c) Tandy may permit other uses by ITC of the above-licensed trade
name, service mark and trademark (e.g. use of trade name and service
mark
on the Internet), such use being subject to (i) whatever rules,
regulations, procedures, conditions and restrictions as Tandy may
impose
upon ITC, and (ii) royalties payable in accordance with paragraph 5
hereof.
5. (a) ITC shall pay to Tandy a royalty on Gross Revenue derived from
all
retail stores or other facilities of any kind or nature using or deriving
benefit directly or indirectly from the use of service marks or trade names
licensed under Section 1 hereof. Such royalty shall be calculated, on a
consolidated basis with the other members of the ITI-Group, and paid by ITC,
in
U.S. dollars to Tandy in Fort Worth, Texas, U.S.A. concurrently with the
submission of the Royalty and Sales Report specified in Section 5(c) at the
following rates:
(i) On ITI-Group Gross Revenue (excluding income from
Services)
derived from sales of product purchased through A&A International,
Inc. ("A&A- sourced Products") the rate shall be determined as
follows:
RoyaltyStat
©
SCHEDULE OF ROYALTIES FOR A&A-SOURCED PRODUCTS
----------------------------------------------
Percent of ITI-Group Gross Revenue ITI-Group
(excluding income from services) Royalty Percentage
From A&A-sourced Products
46.9% or less 1.00%
47.0% - 51.9% 0.80%
52.0% - 56.9% 0.60%
57.0% - 61.9% 0.45%
-3-
62% or greater 0.35%
By September 30 of each year ITC and the ITI-Group shall calculate its
consolidated revenue from sales of A&A-sourced Products (excluding income
from
services) for the most recently completed fiscal year ended June 30 and its
total Gross Revenue (both excluding income from services and including
income
from services) from sales of all products and services for the most recently
completed fiscal year ended June 30. The percentage of Gross Revenue
represented by sales of A&A-sourced Products will be calculated by dividing
the
total Gross Revenue from sales of A&A-sourced Products (excluding income
from
services) by the total Gross Revenue from sales of all Products. The
resulting
percentage of Gross Revenue from A&A-sourced Products will be compared to
the
percentages listed in the column entitled "Percent of ITI-Group Gross
Revenue
from A&A-sourced Products (excluding income from services)" in the Schedule
of
--------
---
Royalties for A&A-sourced Products set out above in order to determine the
- ----------------------------------
Royalty Percentage applicable to Gross Revenue from sales of A&A-sourced
Products (excluding income from services) for the then-current fiscal year.
EXAMPLE:
FY 1998 Total Gross Revenue
(excluding income from services) = 100
FY 1998 Gross Revenue (excluding income
from services) from A&A-sourced Products = 50
50 [divided by] 100 = 50% of Gross Revenue of ITI-Group as a whole
(excluding
income from services) are from sales of A&A-sourced Products.
If 50% is compared to the first column of the Schedule of Royalties for
------------------------
-
A&A-sourced Products, then for FY 1998, the Royalty Percentage is 0.80% on
- --------------------
revenue from A&A-sourced Products (excluding income from services), to be
calculated and paid in accordance with this Section 5(a) and Section 5(c)
below.
(ii) On Gross Revenue derived from any and all other sources
(including income from services), the rate shall be 1.00% of such Gross
RoyaltyStat
©
Revenue.
Except where expressly stated otherwise, "Gross Revenue" as used herein
shall mean all revenue of the ITI-Group derived from the sale or lease of
products, and the rendering of services minus any returns or allowances.
(b) In the event of the sale or distribution at a special price,
directly
or indirectly, to itself including without limitation any subsidiary of ITC,
or
to any person, firm, or corporation related in any manner to ITC or its
officers, directors, or major stockholders, ITC shall pay a royalty with
respect
to such sales or distribution based upon the price generally charged to a
third
party by ITC in an arms length transaction. It is hereby expressly
understood,
however, that in
-4-
the event any products are sold by ITC to a subsidiary or division of ITC,
or to
another member of the ITI-Group, for the purpose of resale by such
subsidiary,
division, or ITI-Group company, then in that event the sale between ITC and
such
subsidiary, division or
ITI-Group company, shall not be included in the calculation of Gross
Revenue.
(c) On or before the 30th day following the close of each calendar
quarter during the term of this Agreement, ITC and the ITI-Group shall
furnish to Tandy a complete and accurate report, certified to be
accurate
by an officer of ITI. Such report shall show ITI-Group consolidated
figures
on the following: gross sales, itemized discounts and allowances
deducted
from gross sales price, and returns of all products and services sold
during the preceding calendar quarter (all in U.S. dollars calculated
using
the average exchange rate for such quarter) for each of Sections
5.a)(i)
and 5.a)(ii). Each such report is to be accompanied by payment in full
by
ITC of its portion of the amount of royalties due. Receipt or
acceptance by
Tandy of any report furnished pursuant to this Agreement, or of any
sums
paid hereunder shall not preclude Tandy from questioning the
correctness
thereof at any time. In the event that any inconsistencies or mistakes
are
discovered in such reports or payments, they shall be rectified
immediately
and the appropriate payment made by ITC or refunded to ITC by Tandy, as
the
case may be, within 30 days of discovery.
(d) ITC shall keep, maintain and preserve in ITCs principal place
of
business for at least two (2) years following termination or expiration
of
the term of this Agreement, or any renewals hereof, complete and
accurate
records of accounts including without limitation invoices, production
RoyaltyStat
©
and
receiving records, correspondence, banking and financial and other
records
pertaining to the various items required to be shown on the reports to
be
submitted by ITC. Such records and accounts shall be available for
inspection and/or audit at any time or times during or after the term
of
this Agreement during usual business hours and upon reasonable request
by
Tandy or its nominees. ITC agrees not to cause or permit any
interference
with Tandy or its nominees in the performance of their duties of
inspection
and/or audit.
(e) If any such inspection and/or audit shows that the amount of
royalties paid by ITC to Tandy during the time period covered by such
inspection and/or audit is less than the actual royalties that should
have
been paid by ITC by more than five percent (5%) of the amount actually
paid
to Tandy, then the reasonable cost of such inspection and/or audit
shall be
paid for by ITC.
(f) The exercise by Tandy in whole or in part, at any time or
times,
of the right to inspect or audit records and accounts, or of any other
right herein granted, or the acceptance by Tandy of any report, or the
receipt or deposit by Tandy of any payment from ITC shall be without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies of Tandy and shall not stop
or
prevent Tandy from
-5-
thereafter disputing the accuracy of any such report or payment.
6. [RESERVED]
7. On termination of the licenses to one or more trade names,
trademarks or
service marks granted under paragraphs 1 and 2, ITC shall cease all use of
such
trade names, trademarks and service marks so licensed and shall cause all
those
in privity with it to similarly terminate such use. ITC shall also sign or
have
signed such documents as may be necessary to formally terminate such use,
vest
in Tandy all goodwill associated with such trade names, trademarks and
service
marks for which use has terminated, and to cancel any registered user
registrations which may then be in effect or to otherwise rectify the
applicable
government records to the extent as may be required by law or by Tandy.
8. All products made or services offered for sale under the licenses to
one
or more trade names, trademarks or service marks granted under paragraphs 1
or 2
shall be sold by ITC (a) at retail in Canada through retail stores owned,
managed, or franchised by ITC, or through duly appointed dealers for use
with
dealer programs, or through franchisees for use with franchise programs, or
(b)
in such other manner as permitted by Tandy.
9. (a) The licenses granted hereunder may be terminated by Tandy on
written
notice in the event of the occurrence of any of the following events of
default:
RoyaltyStat
©
(i) ITC materially breaches this Agreement or fails to diligently
enforce the obligations of dealers and franchisees under sublicenses
and
when permitted by law, after a request by Tandy, terminate such
sublicenses
when compliance by dealers and franchisees with their obligations
related
thereto is not seasonably made;
(ii) ITC fails to make payments of sums that may become due
hereunder,
or under royalty bearing extensions as provided under paragraph 4;
(iii) ITC fails to perform any other obligation under this License
Agreement;
(iv) an event of default occurs under the Amended and Restated
Merchandise Agreement;
(v) any member of the ITI-Group defaults on any agreement,
including
lease agreements, to which any member of the ITI-Group and Tandy are
parties or are in privity with third parties; or
(vi) there is a change of control of ITC, ITI or InterTAN
Australia
Ltd. ("ITA") (which entities, together with their subsidiaries,
comprise
and are referred to collectively herein as the "ITI-Group").
For purposes of this paragraph a "change of control" means:
(A) The acquisition by any person, corporation, partnership,
association,
joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or government,
including a political
-6-
subdivision thereof, (or any combination thereof acting for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing of equity securities of ITI) of the
beneficial ownership of at least twenty percent (20%) of the then issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of ITI carrying voting rights in all
circumstances;
(B) The acquisition of ITC or ITA by any person, corporation,
partnership,
association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or
government, including a political subdivision thereof, (or any combination
thereof acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing
of
equity securities of ITC or ITA) unless, as the result of such acquisition,
not
more than twenty percent (20%) of the then issued and outstanding capital
stock
of ITC or ITA carrying voting rights in all circumstances is acquired by
persons
other than ITI;
(C) ITI, ITC or ITA merges or amalgamates with one or more other
corporations unless, as a result of such merger or amalgamation, not more
than
twenty percent (20%) of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital
stock
of the merged or amalgamated corporation carrying voting rights in all
circumstances are held by persons other than ITI or ITIs shareholders as
existing before the merger or amalgamation;
RoyaltyStat
(D) A change in the composition of the Board of Directors of ITI, ITC
or
ITA that results in, on any day, a Board of Directors more than fifty
percent
(50%) of the members of which (excluding those members elected or appointed
to
replace deceased Directors or replacing any Executive Officer of ITI, ITC or
ITA
who was a Director on or prior to January 25, 1999) were not members of the
Board of Directors two (2) years prior to such date; or
(E) Substantially all the assets of ITI, ITC or ITA are sold.
(b) ITC shall have the right to cure certain events of default as
follows:
(i) in the event of the occurrence of an event of default
under
paragraph 9(a)(i) through 9(a)(iii) above, ITI-Group shall have
the
right to cure such event of default within thirty (30) days from
and
after the date of written notice by Tandy of such event of©
default;
provided, however, that the right to cure any such event of
default
shall be limited and shall not exceed a total of three times
during
each fiscal year on defaults under 9(a)(i) and 9(a)(iii) and
payment
defaults under 9(a)(ii) on monthly amounts due; or once each
fiscal
year on payment defaults under 9(a)(ii) on quarterly amounts due;
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event of default
under
the provisions of paragraph 9(a)(iv) above, ITC shall have the
right
to cure such event of default in accordance with the provisions of
the
Amended and Restated Merchandise Agreement dated effective as of
January 25, 1999 among the members of the ITI-Group, Tandy, and
A&A;
under
event
the
(iii) in the event of the occurrence of an event of default
paragraph 9(a)(v) above, ITC shall have the right to cure such
of default in accordance with the provisions, if any, relating to
cure of an event of default contained in
-7-
any agreement included within the scope of the provisions of such
paragraph.
(c) ITC shall not have the right to cure an event of default
resulting
from a "change of control" of ITI, ITC or ITA, as described in
paragraph
9(a)(vi) above.
9.1 In the event any entity of the ITI-Group: (a) becomes insolvent,
(b)
initiates or otherwise becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation
proceeding, or (c) enters into an arrangement for the benefit of creditors,
RoyaltyStat
©
Tandy may, on written notice and at its option, terminate or partially
terminate
or make non-exclusive the licenses herein granted.
10. Nothing in the licenses herein granted shall vest in ITC or any
party
operating under a sublicense any title or ownership rights in any trade
name,
trademark or service mark owned by Tandy, including but not limited to RADIO
SHACK, TANDY and/or TANDY ELECTRONICS, or any goodwill appurtenant thereto.
Except to the extent as may be required by law to register RADIO SHACK as a
trade name used by ITC, ITC expressly agrees not to register in any
commercial
register a trade name that includes "Radio Shack" as a part thereof for
operation of its business or the business of a subsidiary or affiliate nor
to
permit a dealer, export dealer, or franchisee to do the same without the
written
authorization of Tandy. In the event that RADIO SHACK is registered as a
trade
name hereunder, ITC shall promptly on termination of the licenses herein
granted
or on termination of use of RADIO SHACK as a trade name, whichever is first,
cancel such registration. In the event such registration is not promptly
canceled by ITC hereunder, ITC does hereby give Tandy the full right and
authority and power of attorney to take such steps as may be required to
cancel
said registration.
11. ITC agrees to execute such additional documents and agreements as
may
be reasonably necessary to maintain in Tandy all rights, title, and interest
in
and to all trade names, trademarks and service marks currently owned by
Tandy
and licensed hereunder, and further, to execute such additional documents
and
filings including but not limited to registered user agreements,
applications
and affidavits that are reasonably necessary to effect the terms and
purposes of
this license.
12. ITC agrees not to (a) infringe upon any trade name, trademark or
service mark herein licensed; (b) use without the consent of Tandy any trade
name, trademark or service mark that is a colorable imitation of or is
likely to
be confused with any trade name, trademark or service mark licensed
hereunder;
(c) use or permit the use of any trade name, trademark or service mark
licensed
hereunder except in accordance with the terms of this license or as
expressly
authorized pursuant to modifications or extensions agreed to in writing by
Tandy; (d) register under the trademark laws or service mark laws of any
government in its own name or the name of a controlled entity or an entity
in
privity with it any trademark or service mark licensed hereunder unless so
-8-
authorized in writing by Tandy; (e) use or permit a controlled company or
those
in privity with it to use or register with any governmental agency as part
of
the name of an entity, domestic or foreign, any trademark or service mark
herein
licensed, (f) commit any act of passing off which is likely to damage Tandy
RoyaltyStat
©
or
to dilute the value of any trade name, trademark, service mark or goodwill
of
Tandy and (g) sell products bearing the trademarks herein licensed except
for
products obtained from Tandy or its designated and approved sources until
duly
appointed as a registered user, if such registration is required by law.
13. As used in this Agreement, the words, trade name, trademark,
service
mark and plurals thereof shall have meanings normally attributed to them
under
the laws of the United States.
14. ITC agrees that after the termination or expiration of the licenses
herein granted, it will not directly or indirectly own or operate in Canada
retail facilities under, or use or advertise, any trade name, trademark or
service mark which comprises or includes RADIO SHACK, THE SHACK, SHACK,
TANDY,
TANDY ELECTRONICS or any other mark used or owned by Tandy or any colorable
imitations thereof without the express written permission of Tandy.
15. ITC agrees that products sold under any trademark licensed
hereunder
and all packaging materials therefore shall be of first-class merchantable
quality, manufactured in accordance with first-class quality standards
prevailing in the industry and consistent with those maintained by Tandy in
connection with comparable products. ITC further agrees that all products
sold
under any trademark herein licensed shall be made, sold, and advertised in
conformity with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and insurance
requirements for the country in which such products are made and sold.
16. (a) ITC shall, on reasonable request from Tandy, make available to
Tandy samples of products which are being sold under any trademark licensed
pursuant to this Agreement together with packaging, promotional and
advertising
material. Tandy shall have the right to make a reasonable determination that
such products, packaging, promotional and/or the advertising material
conform
with standards of quality as herein required. In the event that Tandy
determines
that the standards of quality have not been maintained, it shall notify ITC
in
writing and ITC shall within 30 days of notification correct the items which
do
not conform to the standards of quality, in accordance with the reasonable
requests of Tandy. In the event that the necessary corrections to such
nonconforming items cannot be effected within the 30-day period, ITC shall
refrain from further manufacture, shipping and/or sale of such nonconforming
items until appropriate compliance with this provision can be effected.
Failure
to comply with standards of quality as herein set forth shall be deemed a
material breach of this Agreement.
-9-
(b) i. No less than 60 calendar days prior to production of any
Products to be sold under any trademark licensed pursuant to paragraph
2,
ITC shall submit to Tandy specification sheets on and samples of such
Products together with packaging, promotional and advertising material
ITC
intends to use in connection with such Products.
ii. In the event that ITC is planning to source Products with
a
RoyaltyStat
in
by
written
unit cost of goods to ITC of less than US$20.00 to be manufactured
non-Far East countries ("Locally Sourced Products"), then all time
periods specified in Section 16.b)i. shall be decreased to fifteen
(15) calendar days after receipt by Tandy of the material required
such Section 16.b)i., and, subject to Section 16.a) and for the
purposes of Section 16.b)ii. only, in the absence of Tandys
response to ITC within said 15 day period, ITC may proceed with
production of such Locally Sourced Products. Tandy may, but is not
obligated to, authorize ITC to inspect and test Locally Sourced
Products in strict compliance with standards, methods and
procedures
provided in writing to ITC by Tandy, and, in that event, ITC will
allow Tandy access to its testing facilities at any time during
normal
business hours without notice for the purpose of verifying such
compliance. All of Tandys travel costs associated with such
verification shall be borne by Tandy. Tandy may in its sole
discretion
raise or lower the unit cost of goods figure above at any time on
30
days prior written notice.
©
iii. In the event that Tandy thereafter determines that any
such
Product does not meet the standards of quality required herein or
has
a trademark thereon inconsistent with the license granted in
paragraph
2, Tandy shall so notify ITC in writing and ITC shall within 30
calendar days of notification correct the standards of quality
and/or
affix a trademark in accordance with the reasonable requests of
Tandy.
In the event that the necessary corrections to the quality
standards
of or the trademark on such Products cannot be effected within the
30-day period, ITC shall refrain from further manufacture of such
Products until appropriate compliance with this provision can be
effected. Failure to comply with standards of quality and
trademarks
as herein set forth shall be deemed a material breach of this
Agreement.
iv. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be sufficiently given if personally delivered
or
or
mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
by confirmed telecopy, addressed as follows:
If to Tandy:
Tandy Corporation
100 Throckmorton Street, Ste. 1900
Fort Worth, Texas 76102
Attn: Mr. David Christopher
Fax: (817)415-2647
copy to
-10-
Tandy Corporation
100 Throckmorton, Ste. 1900
Fort Worth, Texas 76102
Attn: Mr. Mark C. Hill
Fax: (817)415-2647
-11-
RoyaltyStat
If to ITC:
InterTAN, Inc.
The Royal Centre
3300 Highway #7
Suite 904
Concord, Ontario L4K 4M3
Attn: General Counsel
Fax: (905)760-9722
(or to such other address as any party shall specify by written notice so
given), and shall be deemed to have been delivered as of the date so
personally
delivered, mailed, or telecopied.
(c) Products sold under any trademark licensed pursuant to
paragraph 2 and which are (1) identical (as to form, fit,
function,
quality, specifications and trademark affixed) to Products sold in
United States by Radio Shack and (2) purchased from the same©
the
vendor as
Radio Shack - U.S. shall not be subject to the pre-production
submission requirements of paragraph 16(b). Tandy, however, may
ascertain the compliance of such Products with the license terms
herein by invoking the procedures provided and rights conferred in
paragraph 16(a).
17. In addition to complying with laws relating to packaging, ITC shall
if
requested by Tandy, imprint on all packaging and/or advertising material a
legend in a form and substance satisfactory to Tandy to the effect that the
trademarks used on the products are licensed and/or are used with the
permission
of Tandy.
18. ITC agrees it will not use any licensed trademark, service mark or
trade name in a manner which would be offensive to good taste, or which
would
injure the reputation or goodwill of Tandy, or of the products sold by
Tandy.
ITC agrees that it will actively use and promote the trade names, trademarks
and
service marks during the term of the license thereof, and that it will not
abandon or take action which may be reasonably construed as an abandonment
thereof. ITC agrees that it will not use the Radio Shack trade name or
service
mark in conjunction with any other trade name or service mark during the
term of
this Agreement. ITC further agrees that for the term hereof it will not sell
products which are to be sold under trademarks licensed hereunder at any
ITC
owned retail store not bearing the Radio Shack trade name.
19. ITC agrees, upon request, to provide Tandy with the names and
addresses
of its supplier of products which are to be sold under trademarks licensed
hereunder. ITC agrees to permit Tandy to inspect the premises owned, managed
or
operated by ITC and, to the extent ITC can, shall obtain permission from
such
licensees whose licenses are granted after the date hereof, and cooperate in
obtaining permission from suppliers, and from sublicensees existing as of
the
date hereof, to allow a representative of Tandy to inspect the premises in
RoyaltyStat
which
products bearing licensed trade names, trademarks and service marks are
-12-
used and in which products to be sold under trademarks licensed hereunder
are
manufactured, stored, or sold by or for ITC, at reasonable times during
normal
business hours, for purposes of enabling Tandy to determine whether or not
ITC
is meeting acceptable standards of quality.
20. ITC shall not during or subsequent to the term of any license
hereunder
contest Tandys sole and exclusive ownership rights to any trade names,
trademarks and service marks herein licensed, or raise or cause to be raised
any
questions or objections to registrations of same or to their validity. All
uses
by ITC and sublicensees of the trademarks, service marks and trade names
herein
licensed shall enure to the benefit of Tandy.©
21. Tandy shall, at its option, file and diligently pursue applications
for
registration of those trademarks which are used on products sold in Radio
Shack
facilities in the United States in those countries in which ITC resells such
products as are purchased by it from Tandy. Failure to file and prosecute
such
applications, however, shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement but
shall
only give rise to permit ITC to file such application and prosecute them in
Tandys name, if Tandy fails to do so within 60 days of request by ITC. If
Tandy
deems it advisable to seek registration or recordal of any trademark or
service
mark herein licensed or used by Tandy on products sold by it or under its
authorization to ITC now or at any time during the term of this Agreement,
ITC
agrees to supply Tandy with such material as Tandy may reasonably request
for
such purposes and to give Tandy its full cooperation in connection
therewith. In
the event that ITC, for any reason, obtains a registration for any trademark
or
service mark herein licensed, or any part thereof, the same shall be
assigned to
Tandy promptly. In the event that a product upon which a mark licensed
hereunder
is sold by ITC but not by Tandy in a particular country and such product is
not
sold by Tandy in Radio Shack facilities in the United States, it shall be
the
responsibility of ITC to register such mark, at its own expense, in the name
of
Tandy and to become a Registered User to the extent so required. Tandy,
however,
may on written notice assume responsibility for such proceedings. Tandy
shall be
kept fully informed of all such proceedings.
22. This Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a partnership or
joint
venture between the parties or any other relation other than that of
licensor
and licensee. ITC shall have no authority to create or incur any liability
RoyaltyStat
©
or
obligation binding on Tandy, and Tandy shall have no liability with respect
to
the manufacture or sale of products for which marks are herein licensed,
their
containers or other packing, promotion, or advertising of their fitness,
quality, workmanship, character, or compliance with applicable law.
23. In the event ITC learns of a third party use of a mark or name that
may
infringe upon or otherwise erode or diminish
-13-
rights herein licensed, ITC shall promptly inform Tandy in writing.
24. Tandy shall have the sole right to take such measures as its
counsel
deems reasonable and advisable under the circumstances to police and enforce
its
rights to trademarks herein licensed, and Tandy shall have no liability to
ITC
by reason of any action or inaction on Tandys part, whether such action or
inaction results in the inability of ITC to use any trade names, trademarks,
or
service marks herein licensed or to prevent others from using the same.
25. Tandy shall have the initial right and responsibility but at ITCs
entire expense to take such measures as its counsel deems reasonable and
advisable under the circumstances to police and enforce its rights in
respect to
the trade names and service marks herein licensed, but Tandy shall have no
liability to ITC by reason of any inaction on Tandys part with respect to
such
enforcement. In the event that Tandy requests in writing, ITC shall, at its
own
expense, initiate and diligently pursue any third-party use of a trade name
or
service mark that, in the written opinion of Tandys trademark counsel,
infringes rights granted under paragraph 1. In any proceeding initiated by
ITC,
Tandy shall have the right to participate actively in the proceeding, at its
own
expense. ITC shall reimburse Tandy within 30 days of receipt of an itemized
invoice therefore for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred hereunder.
26. ITC agrees at its own cost and expense to defend and indemnify and
save
Tandy or its affiliates, including without limitation its subsidiaries and
their
respective stockholders, directors, officers, employees, and agents,
harmless
from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, suits, actions,
proceedings, judgments, awards, damages, and expense including without
limitation reasonable attorney fees that they or any of them may incur or
suffer, which arise out of or is claimed by a claimant to arise from a state
of
facts which would constitute a breach by ITC of any of the terms of this
Agreement. Tandy agrees to notify ITC promptly of any such claim. Tandy may
at
its own expense have counsel of its own choice represent it or its
affiliates in
such matter. However, if ITC fails to promptly and diligently defend, Tandy
or
its affiliate may, but shall have no obligation to, defend or settle the
same
without ITCs consent. ITC agrees to pay the cost of defense and/or
settlement
RoyaltyStat
©
including without limitations reasonable counsel fees and judgments, awards,
and
settlements incurred by Tandy or its affiliates related thereto.
Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Tandy and its affiliates shall have sole control of such
proceedings and settlements at ITCs expense if (1) the same would adversely
affect a trade name, trademark or service mark herein licensed; or (2) an
adverse result would damage the goodwill of Tandy; or (3) ITC fails to
provide
Tandy at its request proof satisfactory to Tandy of the financial
responsibility
of ITC or of its insurers for any
-14-
judgment which may be entered or, in the absence of such proof, with a
satisfactory surety bond to assure such payment.
27. ITC agrees to carry product liability insurance for such coverage
and
in such amounts and with such insurers as shall be satisfactory to Tandy so
long
as it continues to use trade names, trademarks and service marks herein
licensed. ITC agrees to name Tandy and its affiliates as additional insureds
thereunder with provision that the insurer will not cancel such insurance
without giving Tandy 30-days written notice by certified mail of any
cancellation or of any other expiration of such insurance. ITC shall deliver
to
Tandy a certificate of its insurer to the foregoing effect upon the
execution of
this Agreement and upon any renewal or substitution of coverage.
28. ITC acknowledges that Tandy has no adequate remedy hereunder at law
for
use of trade names, trademarks, or service marks in violation of this
Agreement,
and that Tandy shall be entitled to injunctive relief therefore.
29. There are no representations or warranties that use of any trade
name,
trademark or service mark herein licensed will not infringe upon rights of
others, or that Tandys rights therein are sufficient to permit the licensed
use
herein set forth. Nor is there any representation or warranty by Tandy that
the
trademarks, trade names and service marks are duly registered or, if
registered,
will be maintained, or that new applications for registration will be filed.
30. These licenses hereunder and this Agreement may be assigned by
Tandy
but may not be assigned by ITC, except with the written permission of Tandy.
31. This Agreement is entered into in and under the laws of the State
of
Texas, United States of America, and the terms and the conditions shall be
construed thereunder. The parties to this Agreement expressly agree that the
State of Texas shall have jurisdiction and venue in respect to any dispute
arising under this Agreement. Tandy may, at its election, seek to enforce
any
provision of this Agreement or seek to negatively or affirmatively enjoin
any
other party to this Agreement from doing, or compelling it to do, any act
prohibited or required by this Agreement, by instituting a lawsuit in any
venue
in a court of competent jurisdiction within or without the United States of
America where the other parties to this Agreement, or any of them, are
"found"
RoyaltyStat
©
or are "doing business" as those terms are construed and interpreted under
the
laws of the State of Texas.
32. Any provision of this Agreement found to be prohibited by law shall
be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition without invalidating the rest
of
this Agreement.
33. This Agreement may not be terminated or modified except
-15-
by written instruments signed by an authorized officer of each party hereto.
34. ITC agrees to pay Tandy all reasonable costs and expenses
including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, expenses and court costs
incurred by Tandy in enforcing any provision of this Agreement.
35. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Tandy may, in its
sole
discretion, waive any breach, default, or event of default arising under the
terms of this Agreement. No failure or delay in exercising any right, power
or
remedy under any provision of this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of or
otherwise shall prejudice any of the rights, powers or remedies of Tandy. No
right, power or remedy herein conferred upon Tandy is intended to be
exclusive
of any other right, power or remedy, and each and every such right, power or
remedy shall be cumulative of every other right, power or remedy given
hereunder
or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or
otherwise.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to
be
effective as of the day and year first above written.
TANDY CORPORATION
/s/Dwain H. Hughes
By: Dwain H. Hughes
Title: Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
INTERTAN CANADA LTD.
/s/Brian E. Levy
By: Brian E. Levy
Title: Director
-16-
