royaltystat
©
BARNEYS NEW YORK INC
FILED 06/01/1999
CIK
0001087414
SIC Code
5621 - Women's Clothing Stores
http://www.royaltystat.com
Copyright © 2012 RoyaltyStat® All Rights Reserved
Distribution of this document is restricted under RoyaltyStat's Terms of Use.
Name:
BARNEYS NEW YORK INC
CIK: 0001087414 SIC: 5621 IRS#: 134040818
Fiscal Year End:
Business
Address:
Mail Address:
575 FIFTH AVE
575 FIFTH AVE
NEW YORK
NY
NEW YORK
10017
10017
Phone:
(212) 339-3300
/
St:
NY
Exhibit 10.23
LICENSE AGREEMENT
RoyaltyStat
©
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (the "AGREEMENT"), dated as of January 28, 1999, made by and between
BARNEY'S, INC., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York with an office at 575
Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10017 (hereinafter referred to as "TRADEMARK OWNER"), BNY LICENSING
CORP. a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware with an office at 575 Fifth
Avenue, New York, New York 10017 (hereinafter referred to as "LICENSOR"), and BARNEYS JAPAN CO.,
LTD., a corporation organized under the laws of Japan, with principal offices at 15-16 Shinjuku 3-
Chome, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 160 Japan (hereinafter referred to as "LICENSEE").
W I T N E S S E T H :
WHEREAS, Trademark Owner operates retail stores under the name "BARNEYS NEW YORK", which
stores sell men's, women's and children's wearing apparel, shoes and accessories, cosmetics, jewelry,
china, glassware, linens, stationery and gift items and furniture, among other items, under the
"BARNEYS NEW YORK" name and under other brand names; and
WHEREAS, the Trademark Owner has granted to Licensor the right and authority to grant
licenses to use the "BARNEYS NEW YORK" name
in certain Asian countries, including Japan and
Singapore, in connection with the operation of retail stores and the manufacture, sale and
distribution of merchandise under the "BARNEYS NEW YORK" name (hereinafter referred to as the "BASIC
LICENSE AGREEMENT"); and
WHEREAS, an Operating License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "ORIGINAL
AGREEMENT") dated September 19, 1989, was entered into by and between Licensor and ISETAN COMPANY
LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as "ISETAN"), pursuant to which Licensor granted to Isetan the
exclusive right and license to use the trademark and tradename "BARNEYS NEW YORK" in specified ways
within a licensed territory as defined in the Original Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Original Agreement was assigned by Isetan to Licensee, pursuant to the
provisions of subparagraph 12(e) of the Original Agreement, as of June 1, 1990; and
WHEREAS, Trademark Owner, Licensor and certain related entities filed voluntary petitions
under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of New York on January 10, 1996, in the proceedings entitled IN RE BARNEY'S, INC.
ET AL., Case Nos. 96-B-40113 through 40133 (JLG) (hereinafter referred to as the "CHAPTER 11
PROCEEDINGS"); and
RoyaltyStat
©
WHEREAS, a plan of reorganization (hereinafter referred to as the "PLAN OF REORGANIZATION")
in the Chapter 11 Proceedings was confirmed on December 21, 1998, in accordance with the Bankruptcy
Code, pursuant to which all of the assets, property and rights of BNY Licensing Corp. and Barney's,
Inc., including their rights of ownership of the trademark, service mark and trade name "BARNEYS NEW
YORK," vested in Trademark Owner or Licensor (as applicable) and which authorized Trademark Owner and
Licensor to enter into this Agreement; and
2
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization and Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code,
11 U.S.C. Section 365(n), Licensor will be deemed to have rejected the Original Agreement; and
WHEREAS, Licensor desires to continue the license relationship with Licensee as
contemplated in the Original Agreement, subject to certain modifications; and
WHEREAS, Licensor wishes to grant to Licensee, and Licensee wishes to obtain from Licensor,
the right to use the "BARNEYS NEW YORK" name and mark in Japan and, for a limited purpose, in
Singapore, in connection with the operation of retail stores and the manufacture, sale and
distribution of merchandise under the "BARNEYS NEW YORK" name and mark.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual terms, agreements and conditions herein
contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:
RoyaltyStat
©
1.
REJECTION AND TERMINATION OF ORIGINAL AGREEMENT.
Pursuant to the Plan of
Reorganization and Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 365(n), Licensor will be
deemed to have rejected the Original Agreement.
Licensor and Licensee hereby terminate all terms,
conditions and obligations of the Original Agreement.
2.
GRANT OF LICENSE.
(a)
Subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, Licensor
hereby grants to Licensee, for the term of this Agreement, the exclusive right and license in the
country of Japan (hereinafter referred to as the "LICENSED TERRITORY") to operate retail stores
(hereinafter referred to as the "FREE-STANDING STORES") and
3
departments within retail stores (hereinafter referred to as the "IN-STORE SHOPS") under the
tradename "BARNEYS NEW YORK" and to operate a single in-store shop located in an Isetan store in
Singapore (hereinafter referred to as the "LICENSED DEPARTMENT") (such free-standing stores and in
store shops, and the Licensed Department are hereinafter referred to as the "RETAIL LOCATIONS") and
to manufacture, sell and distribute (at wholesale and at retail) in, to and through the Retail
Locations, Licensed Products (as defined below) and to use the mark "BARNEYS NEW YORK" (the
tradename, trademark and service mark "BARNEYS NEW YORK" in English and/or Japanese are hereinafter
referred to as the "LICENSED MARK") on and in connection with the Licensed Products and the
manufacture, sale and distribution thereof, to sublicense said rights in the Licensed Territory
pursuant to paragraph 13 hereof (subject to the qualifications set forth therein), and to use the
Licensed Mark as part of Licensee's corporate name (the right to so use the Licensed Mark shall be
limited to Licensee and shall not be granted to any sublicensee).
It is understood by the parties
that the manufacturing right hereby granted shall not be limited to the Licensed Territory; however,
the selling and distributing rights shall be expressly limited to the Licensed Territory and the
Licensed Department.
RoyaltyStat
©
(b)
Licensee's uses of the Licensed Mark shall be designed to result in the attribution to
the Licensed Mark of, and the Licensed Mark shall be promoted to represent, the qualities for which
Trademark Owner's Division One stores (as listed in Exhibit A and hereinafter referred to as the
"BARNEYS STORES") are known.
Licensee shall exert its best efforts to maintain and enhance these
qualities in the Retail Locations
4
and in the products which are or are caused to be designed, manufactured and/or distributed for the
purpose of, and under, this Agreement, or sold in the Retail Locations.
(c)
As used herein, the term "Retail Location" may include, in addition to retail stores,
outlet stores, warehouse sales, catalog, mail order, or other operations (hereinafter referred to as
the "ADDITIONAL USES") conducted under or using the Licensed Mark which involve the sale of
merchandise to the public, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Licensee's use of the Licensed Mark in connection
with any such Additional Uses shall have been approved pursuant to paragraph 5 hereof and shall be
consistent with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
(d)
The parties will set forth and agree upon, in good faith, an Internet use policy,
which shall contain standards and guidelines for, and set forth the extent and limitation of,
Licensee's use of the Licensed Marks on the Internet, prior to any such use by Licensee.
RoyaltyStat
©
3.
THE LICENSED PRODUCTS.
As used in this Agreement the "LICENSED PRODUCTS" shall mean
the products listed on Exhibit B hereto which may from time to time be revised upon mutual agreement
and which are manufactured, sold and/or distributed by Licensee under or in conjunction with the
Licensed Mark or are sold and/or distributed by Licensee from a Retail Location (whether or not such
products bear the Licensed Mark).
Licensed Products which carry only a designer's or manufacturer's
label or such a label in conjunction with a label bearing the Licensed Mark are referred to herein as
"BRANDED PRODUCTS." Licensed Products which carry only a label bearing the Licensed Mark, or which
carry no label, are referred to herein as "PRIVATE LABEL
5
PRODUCTS."
A label bearing the Licensed Mark shall be added to all Branded Products unless it is not
practical to do so.
RoyaltyStat
©
4.
TERM.
The initial term (hereinafter referred to as the "BASE TERM") of this Agreement
shall continue until December 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of
this Agreement.
Licensee shall have the right, at the end of the Base Term and the first and second
Extended Terms (if any) to renew this Agreement for an optional ten (10) year term (each term
hereinafter referred to as an "EXTENDED TERM"), on the condition that at the end of the then
effective term, (i) there is no outstanding material breach by Licensee, (ii) in addition to the
existing free-standing Retail Locations in Shinjuku and Yokohama (hereinafter referred to as the
"EXISTING STORES"), stores, Licensee shall have opened prior to the end of the Base Term one (1) or
more free-standing stores which shall be substantially equivalent in size to, or larger than, the
Licensee's existing store in Shinjuku; (iii) Licensee shall have maintained two (2) free-standing
stores comparable to the Existing Stores unless agreed to by the parties; (iv) the parties shall have
agreed upon the Annual Minimum Net Sales (as defined below) which shall be maintained for each
Extended Term; (v) not later than six (6) months prior to the scheduled commencement date of such
renewal term, the parties shall have agreed upon a royalty rate and schedule of Annual Minimum
Royalties (as defined below) or other performance criteria and related issues applicable for each
Extended Term, and (vi) Licensee and Isetan shall have met a net worth or other financial test as
reasonably agreed among the parties (it being agreed that in the determination of such test Isetan
shall not be obligated to disclose any non-public information to Licensor or Trademark Owner).
6
5.
OPERATION AND OPENING OF RETAIL LOCATIONS: ADDITIONAL USES.
(a)
Licensor and Licensee recognize and confirm that the Existing Stores were opened
pursuant to the Original Agreement.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Agreement, Licensee agrees to
use its best efforts to continuously operate such Existing Stores under the Licensed Mark throughout
the term of this Agreement.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Agreement, Licensee shall have the right
to open additional Retail Locations or to relocate the Existing Stores to stores with at least
comparable sizes and locations to those of the Existing Stores and in accordance with the
specifications set forth in Exhibit C.
(b)
Licensee may continue to operate the Licensed Department in the currently existing
Isetan store in Singapore.
Upon prior written approval of Licensor, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, taking into account all relevant factors, including, without limitation, the size and
location of any proposed relocation, Licensee shall have the right to relocate or move the Licensed
Department to another location in Singapore.
RoyaltyStat
©
(c)
Trademark Owner, Licensor and Licensee recognize that it is in their interest to
increase sales under the Licensed Mark in a manner which will ensure maintenance of the high
standards of quality, taste and image symbolized by the Licensed Mark.
Licensor understands that
Licensee is interested in using the Licensed Mark in connection with sales through Additional Uses.
Licensor will cooperate with Licensee in good faith to consider and implement these Additional Uses
of the Licensed Mark by Licensee, including appropriate standards of design, merchandise and service
for such Additional Uses.
Licensee shall not implement any Additional Uses without the prior
7
written approval of Licensor.
Licensee shall provide written notice to Licensor of Licensee's desire
to implement such Additional Uses and Licensor shall respond in writing to Licensee's written notice
within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof.
However, Licensee recognizes that it is Licensor's
decision to approve or disapprove of any of these Additional Uses if Licensor considers that these
Additional Uses are likely to be conducted or are being conducted in a manner inconsistent with the
high standards of quality, taste and image symbolized by the Licensed Mark.
RoyaltyStat
©
6.
STANDARDS AND DESIGN OF RETAIL LOCATIONS.
Licensee acknowledges that the Licensed
Mark is associated with a very high quality of retail store design and that the Trademark Owner
enjoys a reputation for the style and quality of its stores.
Licensee agrees and covenants that it
will use its best efforts to maintain and enhance such reputation in selection of Retail Locations,
and in the level of physical design, construction and appearance of each Retail Location and the type
and location of each department therein and in the remodeling and renovation of each Retail Location
so that the Retail Location and each department therein will meet at least the standard of the
Barneys Stores, or such other standard as may be applicable to an Additional Use.
Licensor and
Licensee shall mutually agree upon the location (such agreement to be made either before or after
selection and determination of the location by Licensee) and the architectural and interior designs
for all Retail Locations and on the procedures for creating such designs.
7.
ROYALTIES; OTHER PAYMENTS.
(a)
Licensee shall pay to Licensor and to Isetan of
America, Inc., or its designee (hereinafter referred to as "IOA"), as applicable,
8
the following payments calculated on Net Sales (as hereinafter defined) of Licensee and its
sublicensee(s) made from Retail Locations:
(i)
Licensee shall pay to Licensor a minimum royalty (hereinafter referred to as the
"ANNUAL MINIMUM ROYALTY") for each royalty year (i.e., the twelve-month period ending each last day
of the month of
February) during the Base Term equal to 0.25% of the Annual Minimum Net Sales as set
forth in Exhibit D.
In addition, Licensee shall pay to IOA a payment for each royalty year during
the Base Term equal to 2.25% of the Annual Minimum Net Sales as set forth in Exhibit D.
During any
Extended Terms, Licensee shall pay to Licensor or IOA, as the case may be, an amount to be determined
pursuant to paragraph 4(v).
RoyaltyStat
©
(ii)
Licensee shall pay to Licensor a percentage royalty (hereinafter referred to as
the "ANNUAL PERCENTAGE ROYALTY") for each royalty year during the Base Term equal to 2.50% of actual
Net Sales (as defined below) in excess of the Annual Minimum Net Sales shown in Exhibit D from the
Existing Stores, one additional free-standing store and the Licensed Department (hereinafter referred
to as, collectively, the "CORE OPERATIONS"), plus 2.50% of actual Net Sales (if any) generated by
stores or approved sales activities other than the Core Operations.
During any Extended Terms,
Licensee shall pay to Licensor a percentage royalty to be determined pursuant to paragraph 4(v).
(iii)
The term "NET SALES" means the entire amount charged, whether wholly or partly
for cash, on credit or otherwise, for all merchandise sold, and all charges made for, at or from any
Retail Location by Licensee or anyone acting on Licensee's behalf or under any sublicense, sublease
or concession from Licensee in which case the
9
amount charged to the concessionaire should be the Net Sales (the amount of Net Sales by any one
acting under any sublease shall be the full retail price of the merchandise sold by such person, but
Net Sales shall not include the wholesale price of merchandise sold to such person by Licensee),
including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the amount allowed upon any "trade-in",
the cost of sale of any merchandise in exchange for any premium or promotion and to the extent
accounted for in the financial statements of Licensee under generally accepted accounting principles
in Japan.
No deduction shall be made for any uncollected or uncollectible credit accounts.
Every
transaction on a deferred payment basis shall be treated as a sale for the full price at the time
such transaction is entered into, irrespective of the time for payment or the time when title passes.
The term "Net Sales" shall not include (u) sales from any restaurant operated and/or services
performed (such as sale of tickets to concerts, sporting events and the like which are not related to
business activities of Trademark Owner, but Net Sales shall include sales from alterations of
merchandise and the like to the extent the same is accounted for as sales of the Licensee excluding
the case in which an outside manufacturer is employed by the Licensee for this purpose) as part of
any Retail Location, (v) the amount of any cash or credit refund in fact made upon sales from a
Retail Location which were previously included in net gross sales, where the merchandise sold or some
part thereof is returned by the purchaser and accepted by Licensee, (w) sales of fixtures or
equipment after their use in the conduct of Licensee's business at a Retail Location, or (x) the
amount of any sales, luxury, excise or consumption taxes on sales from a Retail Location, where such
taxes are both added to the selling price (or absorbed therein) and paid to the taxing authorities by
Licensee (but
©
RoyaltyStat
10
not by any vendor of Licensee).
The wholesale price charged by Licensee or any sublicensee for the
sale of any Licensed Products to any Retail Location or to any Affiliate of Licensor or Trademark
Owner shall not be included in Net Sales, but the sale of such Licensed Products at retail shall be
included in Net Sales at the full retail price thereof.
If any taxing authority in Japan shall
increase the net sales reported by Licensee on any tax return and as a result the net sales so
increased are required to be restated by Chuo Audit Corporation in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in Japan, Licensee shall notify Licensor promptly and pay additional Annual
Percentage Royalty due (calculated on a basis of the Net Sales after taking into account deductions
above stated) due at that time.
In the event that retail sales to be included in Net Sales are made
in a currency other than Japanese yen, the amount of such retail sales shall be converted to Japanese
yen using the telegraphic transfer selling rate quoted by The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. in Tokyo
on the last business day of each month during which each such merchandise is sold.
(iv)
All payments hereunder shall be made in Japanese Yen unless Licensor or IOA shall
notify Licensee in writing that such royalty payments shall be made in a different currency.
Any
royalty payment made in a currency other than Japanese Yen shall be converted from Japanese Yen to
the currency of payment using the telegraphic transfer selling rate quoted by The Bank of Tokyo
Mitsubishi, Ltd. in Tokyo on the date on which remittance is actually made by Licensee and any fees
or costs associated with any such conversion shall be borne by the party requesting such payment in
other currency, either Licensor or IOA as the case may be.
All royalty payments hereunder shall be
paid without any set off, claim, counterclaim or delay whatsoever.
©
RoyaltyStat
11
(b)
The royalties due hereunder shall be paid as follows:
(i)
The Annual Minimum Royalty shall begin to accrue as of the effective date of the
Plan of Reorganization.
The initial payment, to be made on the last day of March, 1999, will be
prorated for the number of days from the effective date of the Plan of Reorganization to the last day
of February, 1999, and thereafter all payments shall be paid in equal quarterly installments
occurring on the last day of each June, September and December of the royalty year and on the last
day of March following the end of the royalty year (hereinafter referred to as "PAYMENT DATES"), and
shall be paid directly to Licensor or IOA, as the case may be.
The payments for the time period from
March 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 shall be as set forth in Note 4 of Exhibit D.
RoyaltyStat
©
(ii)
The Annual Percentage Royalty for each royalty year shall be determined in the
manner hereinafter set forth.
On June 30 of each year, beginning with June 30, 1999, Licensee shall
submit to Licensor an annual report of Net Sales for the royalty year ended the preceding last day of
the month of February, which report shall be in reasonable detail and shall be certified by the
appropriate senior financial officer of Licensee as having been prepared in accordance with
Licensee's internal regulations and with generally accepted accounting principles in Japan.
Any
Annual Percentage Royalty shall become due each June 30 and shall accompany the annual report of Net
Sales.
In the event that Net Sales for the first six month period of any royalty year exceed Minimum
Net Sales of the relevant year in Exhibit D, Licensee shall pay Licensor the Annual Percentage
Royalty calculated on the Net Sales in excess of the Minimum Net Sales, which shall become due
December 31 of the same year.
However, at the time of submission of an annual report, the Annual
Percentage Royalty for the relevant whole
12
royalty year shall be adjusted taking into account the Annual Percentage Royalty paid in respect of
such first six month period.
RoyaltyStat
©
(iii)
Licensee shall send to Licensor, on or before the 20th day of each month, a sales
report showing in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with Licensee's internal regulation, the
Net Sales at or from the Retail Locations for the preceding calendar month.
Licensee shall keep and
shall require its sublessees, concessionaires and sublicensees, if any, to keep at Licensee's or, as
the case may be, their respective corporate offices, complete and accurate books of account and
records of, but not limited to, all sales and other transactions from which Net Sales can be
determined.
Licensee shall keep all pertinent original sales books and records which would normally
be required to be kept and examined by an independent accountant in accordance with accepted auditing
practices in performing an audit of Net Sales.
(iv)
The acceptance by Licensor of payments of Annual Percentage Royalty shall be
without prejudice to Licensor's right to an examination of Licensee's books and records of its Net
Sales in order to verify the amount of Licensee's Net Sales.
At any reasonable time and upon five
(5) days prior written notice to Licensee, Licensor may cause a special audit to be made of
Licensee's business affairs and records relating to the Retail Locations for the period covered by
such statement.
Except as provided below, the cost of such audit shall be paid by Licensor.
Any
such special audit performed by a certified public accountant selected by Licensor in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in Japan shall be binding upon the parties.
If it shall be
determined as a result of such audit that there has been a deficiency or, as the case may be, surplus
in the payment of Annual Percentage Royalty, then such deficiency or, as the
13
case may be, surplus shall become immediately due and payable and shall be paid immediately by
Licensee or, as the case may be, Licensor to the other party, respectively.
If the aforementioned
deficiency is in excess of three and a half percent (3.5%) of the Annual Percentage Royalty
theretofore computed and paid by Licensee for the period covered by the audit, Licensee shall also
pay to Licensor the cost of the audit.
RoyaltyStat
©
(c)
Licensee shall make all reasonable and timely efforts to obtain from the proper
authorities in the Licensed Territory appropriate permits for effecting remittance into the United
States, filing such applications, certificates, or other instruments as may be required to obtain all
necessary governmental approvals.
Nevertheless, Licensee's obligation to make payments to Licensor
shall not depend in any way on Licensee's receipt in, or ability to make remittance into, the United
States of America of funds, from proceeds of sales or otherwise; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Licensee
shall not be required to take any action in violation of Japanese laws but this provision shall not
limit Licensee's obligations under the immediately preceding sentence.
(d)
Licensee shall withhold from each royalty payment payable hereunder the appropriate
amount of taxes due to the government(s) of the Licensed Territory in respect of such royalty
payments.
Promptly upon receipt thereof, Licensee shall forward to Licensor all receipts, tax
returns and other documents evidencing payment of such taxes.
(e)
Trademark Owner, Licensor and Licensee shall each bear its own costs of performance
under this Agreement.
(f)
Any financial, accounting, business or other information provided by or on behalf of
Licensee to Licensor, including without limitation information contained
14
in an annual or other report and information obtained by Licensor in the course of or in connection
with the audit pursuant to this paragraph 7, shall be kept confidential, and shall not be disclosed
to any third party or used for any purpose other than as provided herein without the prior written
consent of Licensee, except as required by law or court order.
RoyaltyStat
©
8.
STANDARDS FOR LICENSED PRODUCTS.
The quality standard, taste and image of the
Licensed Products shall be at least equal to that of the merchandise offered for sale in the Barneys
Stores, and Licensee shall not display, offer for sale or sell any merchandise which does not meet
such quality standard, taste and image.
In order to assure that such quality standard, taste and
image are maintained, prior to the selection of any specific products to be offered for sale at the
Retail Locations each season, Trademark Owner, Licensor and Licensee shall consult, develop and
implement a seasonal merchandising plan for each product category which shall take account of special
considerations affecting merchandise selection within the Licensed Territory.
To the extent
practicable, Trademark Owner, Licensor and Licensee shall coordinate buying appointments.
Trademark
Owner, Licensor and Licensee shall work together to develop and design Private Label Products.
As
much as practically possible, Trademark Owner and Licensor shall review Licensee's product
development and samples during trips to Japan, on Licensee's trips to New York or on joint buying
trips.
To the extent not so reviewed, Licensee will, to the extent practically possible, furnish
samples to Trademark Owner and Licensor.
Samples furnished by one party to another and returned by
the receiving party shall be at the expense of the furnishing party.
Samples furnished by one party
to another and kept by the receiving party shall be at the expense of the receiving
15
party.
The parties will, to the extent practicable, keep one another informed regarding development
of merchandising plans, arrangement, location and display of merchandise within stores, development
and sourcing of new products, discontinuance of products or product lines, customer control and
similar matters so as to facilitate consistent and timely merchandise selection and merchandising
activities.
RoyaltyStat
©
9.
MARKETING AND ADVERTISING.
(a)
All uses of the Licensed Mark, including without
limitation, packaging, advertising, marketing and store materials, labels, price tickets, hang tags,
stationery, use on the Internet (only after such Internet use policies are set forth pursuant to
paragraph 2(d)) and in-store graphics, shall conform as nearly as practicably possible to the uses
thereof by the Trademark Owner after taking into consideration the characteristics peculiar to each
locality and shall be agreed upon in advance, to the extent practically possible, between the
parties.
Variations required to conform to legal requirements (e.g., labeling requirements) shall be
permitted.
(b)
Licensee shall develop a marketing, advertising and promotion campaign for each
season, after consultation, to the extent practically possible, with the Trademark Owner's
advertising department.
The campaign material concept shall be agreed upon in advance by Trademark
Owner, Licensor and Licensee prior to implementation and shall be consistent with and shall maintain
and enhance reputation and standard of Trademark Owner while taking account of differing market
conditions between the Licensed Territory and the United States.
Licensee agrees to expend on
advertising and promotion such a percentage of Net Sales as is reasonably necessary to promote the
image of Licensed Mark and Net Sales in the Licensed Territory.
Promptly after any advertisement
shall first be run, Licensee shall send to Trademark Owner and
16
Licensor a tear sheet (in the case of print advertising), a screen print out (in the case of Internet
advertising only after such Internet use policies are set forth pursuant to paragraph 2(d)) or a
video or audio tape (in the case of television or radio advertising).
RoyaltyStat
©
10.
PERSONNEL, TRAINING AND OPERATIONAL POLICIES.
Licensee shall educate and train its
employees so that the quality of customer service in the Retail Locations meets in all respects the
standard of the Barneys Stores. Trademark Owner and Licensor shall provide reasonable information
regarding the appropriate customer service standards and methods sufficient to enable Licensee to
meet this obligation.
In addition, Trademark Owner and Licensee shall negotiate in good faith
towards the execution of an agreement relating to the training in the United States of employees of
Licensee, Isetan or their affiliates concerning the operation of the Retail Locations.
11.
CONSULTATIONS.
Trademark Owner and Licensor shall have the right to cause their
designated representative(s) to visit Licensee at Licensee's offices in the Licensed Territory or at
one or more Retail Locations to discuss and review all aspects of the license herein granted,
including without limitation, the selection of Licensed Products and the merchandising, marketing,
and promotion of the Retail Locations.
The timing of such visits shall be selected upon mutual
agreement between Trademark Owner, Licensor and Licensee. Trademark Owner, Licensee and Licensor
shall use their best efforts to meet in Tokyo, New York or other mutually agreed-upon location during
each season to review the activities under this Agreement.
The foregoing provisions of this
paragraph 11 shall also apply to sublicensees and concessionaires permitted under subparagraphs 13(b)
and 13(c).
17
12.
THE LICENSED MARK.
(a)
Trademark Owner has registered, or has applied for the
registration of, the Licensed Mark in the classes and jurisdictions so indicated on Exhibit E.
Any
and all trademarks indicated on Exhibit E as well as those trademarks to be registered or applied for
registration hereafter fall under the definition of "LICENSED MARK".
Trademark Owner represents and
warrants and Licensee acknowledges that the Trademark Owner has designated in the Licensed Territory
Licensor as its agent for quality control and has given Licensor sole rights to authorize the use of
the Licensed Mark in the Licensed Territory.
The Trademark Owner and Licensor are entitled to all of
the rights to use the Licensed Mark regardless of whether such use constitutes technical trademark
use or some other kind of usage such as in a corporate or commercial name, including without
limitation, the right to register or record the Licensed Mark in the Licensed Territory.
The
Trademark Owner has granted to Licensor the further right to grant the license herein granted.
Trademark Owner and Licensor acknowledge that Licensee is duly granted exclusive rights to use the
Licensed Mark in Japan and in the Licensed Department.
Licensee shall not contest, deny or dispute
the validity of such registrations, or Licensor's and Trademark Owner's title thereto, and shall not
in any way, either directly or indirectly, encourage or assist others or permit its sublicensees to
do so, and shall not take or permit its sublicensees to take any action of any kind inconsistent with
Licensor's and Trademark Owner's ownership of all such trademark rights, including, without
limitation, applying for, registering or acquiring a registration of the Licensed Mark in the
Licensed Territory.
Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon Licensee or any sublicensee a
proprietary interest of any sort in or to the Licensed Mark or colorable simulations, abbreviations,
combinations or
©
RoyaltyStat
18
derivations of the Licensed Mark.
Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon Licensee
or any sublicensee any rights or interest of any kind in or to the good will of Licensor or Trademark
Owner (except as licensed hereunder) or any of their other trademarks.
(b)
Trademark Owner and Licensor represent and warrant that Trademark Owner is the owner
of the Licensed Mark and that neither Trademark Owner nor Licensor has taken any action inconsistent
with the rights granted hereunder. Trademark Owner and Licensor assume no liability with respect to
the status of, or freedom from, infringement of the Licensed Mark in the Licensed Territory, although
Trademark Owner and Licensor have no present knowledge of any such infringement.
Trademark Owner and
Licensor further represent and warrant that, to either of their present knowledge, the use and
exercise by Licensee of the rights granted hereunder will not violate currently applicable laws or
the rights of third parties.
RoyaltyStat
©
(c)
Except as specifically provided below, Licensor shall have the right, but shall not be
obliged, to determine the means and manner of the institution, maintenance and defense and
disposition of any and all claims, suits, controversies or proceedings arising out of or relating to
challenges of third party uses of the Licensed Marks in every jurisdiction throughout the world,
including, without limitation, the Licensed Territory.
In each such claim, suit, controversy and
proceeding, Licensee agrees to render its fullest cooperation and assistance, to the extent
reasonably requested, to Licensor, and Licensor shall have the right to assert such claim on behalf
of itself and Licensee, and to commence any action or proceeding in its own name or in the name of
both of them.
19
(d)
Licensee shall promptly notify Licensor in writing of attempts by anyone to register,
copy, use, infringe upon or imitate the Licensed Mark, or any design features of the Licensed
Products within the Licensed Territory which come to Licensee's attention.
Licensee shall not,
however, institute any suit or take any legal action on account of such claimed infringements or
imitations, except as provided below.
RoyaltyStat
©
(e)
If Licensee desires to assert a claim or to commence an action or proceeding against a
third party involving infringement of its (or Licensor's or Trademark Owner's) rights to the Licensed
Marks, Licensee shall give written notice thereof to Licensor, together with the details of each such
claim. Licensor shall have the right, within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice, to elect to
assert such claim or to initiate action or proceedings against such third party.
If Licensor elects
not to assert such claim or commence such action or proceeding within the applicable time period,
Licensor shall advise Licensee in writing whether Licensee is granted permission to initiate such
action or proceeding, such permission to be reasonably granted or denied by Licensor.
If, and only
if, such request for permission is granted, Licensee shall have the right to assert the claim or
commence such action or proceeding, provided that (i) no such claim, action or proceeding may be
settled in a manner which would involve any disposition other than the payment of money damages
without the prior written consent of Licensor; and (ii) Licensor and Trademark Owner may thereafter
participate through counsel of their own choosing and at their own expense in any such claim, action
or proceeding.
If Licensee asserts such a claim or commences such action or proceeding, Trademark
Owner and Licensor shall render their fullest cooperation and assistance to the extent reasonably
requested by Licensee and shall, to the extent required by law, be
20
named a party, or parties, to such action or proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Licensee
reasonably believes in good faith that immediate action and injunctive relief are necessary to
prevent irreparable injury, Licensee may commence legal proceedings to obtain emergency injunctive
relief against such infringement.
Licensee shall notify Licensor in writing as soon after the
commencement of any such proceedings as possible, and Licensor shall have the right but not the
obligation to assume the prosecution of such proceeding, or to grant or deny permission to the
Licensee to continue such proceeding, such permission to be reasonably granted or dened.
If Licensor
shall elect to deny such permission to Licensee, Licensee shall immediately cease such proceeding.
(f)
The expense of any claim, action or proceeding involving the Licensed Marks, including
reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, shall be borne solely by the party who undertakes the
prosecution or defense of such claim, action or proceeding.
RoyaltyStat
©
(g)
Any damages or other sums received by any of the parties in connection with the
prosecution of any claim, action or proceeding hereunder, involving a third party, shall first be
applied to the payment of the costs and expenses thereof including reasonable attorneys' fees and
disbursements.
The balance, if any, shall be allocated, in good faith by the parties, by percentage
of the overall award, according to damages or sums awarded as compensation for lost revenue or
awarded as compensation for other losses.
Any damages or sums awarded as compensation for lost
revenue shall be allocated according to the lost revenue, including royalties, of the respective
parties resulting from the infringement.
Any damages or sums awarded as compensation for other
losses shall be divided evenly between the parties.
21
(h)
The parties agree that they will maintain the existing image of the BARNEYS NEW YORK
name and mark as representing leadership in high quality, high fashion specialty retailing of men's
and women's apparel and other merchandise consistent with this image.
RoyaltyStat
©
13.
ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLICENSE.
(a)
Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph 13,
none of the parties hereto shall, without prior written consent of the other parties hereto, (i)
sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement, except to an
Affiliate provided that if a party assigns or otherwise transfers its rights or obligations to an
Affiliate, such assigning party shall provide to the other parties an unconditional guaranty of
performance of all of the obligations of its Affiliate hereunder substantially in the form of the
guaranty attached hereto as Exhibit F; (ii) sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer the rights to
use the Licensed Mark herein granted or any part thereof in the Licensed Territory; or (iii)
authorize any other person, firm or corporation to use the Licensed Mark or any trademarks, service
marks or tradenames colorably or confusingly similar thereto, or any abbreviations, combinations or
derivations thereof in the Licensed Territory.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Trademark Owner and
Licensor may assign their rights and obligations under this Agreement, without Licensee's consent, in
connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Trademark Owner and Licensor or
in connection with a merger or consolidation in which Trademark Owner or Licensor is not the
surviving party, provided that such purchaser of the assets or such surviving entity, as the case may
be, shall assume all obligations of Trademark Owner and Licensor hereunder and shall cause any parent
company to execute a guaranty, similar to that set forth in paragraph 13(d),
22
whereby the guaranty executed by Barneys New York, Inc. and Trademark Owner, pursuant to paragraph
13(d), shall terminate.
This Agreement shall not prohibit Trademark Owner from selling the Licensed
Marks unrelated to a sale of substantially all of its assets, without Licensee's consent; provided
that Trademark Owner and Licensor shall remain in a position to fulfill their respective obligations
under this Agreement, which shall continue for the term of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Trademark Owner and Licensor shall have the right to grant a lien on, or security interest
in, this Agreement and their rights herein; it being understood, however, that this shall not be
deemed to constitute a consent to an assignment in violation of this paragraph 13, whether by
foreclosure, foreclosure sale or otherwise .
RoyaltyStat
©
(b)
Subject to the prior written approval of Licensor, Licensee shall have the right to
sublicense to other retail store operators of a very high quality, the right to operate in-store
Retail Locations.
The request for such approval shall include the identity of the sublicensee, the
nature and the location of the stores in which the Retail Locations are to be operated, the location
of the Retail Locations within each store, the proposed line of merchandise, the type of merchandise
and such other information as Licensor may reasonably request.
Licensee shall require each
sublicensee to comply with all of the provisions of this Agreement regarding the design of the Retail
Locations, the merchandising, marketing and operation thereof, the selection of Licensed Products for
sale therein and, including, without limitation, the requirements of
at least paragraph 17.
No
sublicensee shall have any right other than to operate an in-store Retail Location in the store
specified and to sell approved Licensed Products in such Retail Locations.
23
(c)
Licensee (but not any sublicensee) shall have the right to grant concessions to other
operator(s) for the operation of departments within any free-standing Retail Location operated by
Licensee to the extent necessitated by the retail business practice in Japan and consistent with the
seasonal merchandising plan developed by Licensor and Licensee pursuant to paragraph 9. The
merchandising, marketing and operation of such departments and the selection of Licensed Products for
sale therein shall at all times be under the direction and control of Licensee and shall comply with
all of the provisions of this Agreement as if such departments were operated by Licensee.
(d)
Upon execution of this Agreement, Licensor shall cause Barneys New York, Inc. and
Trademark Owner to execute an unconditional guaranty of the performance of all of the obligations of
Licensor hereunder in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F.
RoyaltyStat
©
(e)
Upon execution of this Agreement, Licensee shall cause Isetan to execute an
unconditional guaranty of the performance of all of the obligations of Licensee hereunder and the
payment of all amounts required to be paid by Licensee hereunder in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit G, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such guaranty shall continue until Licensee is no longer a
subsidiary company of Isetan if, and only if, the successor parent company to Licensee executes a
similar unconditional guaranty of Licensee's performance AND such successor parent company has a
credit rating equal to or superior to that of Isetan.
If Isetan or Licensee desires to effectuate an
initial public offering of the capital stock of Licensee, the parties will negotiate in good faith
whether the Isetan guaranty will be released and, if so, the mutually agreeable terms
24
for such release; it being understood however that Trademark Owner and Licensor have no obligation to
release the Isetan guaranty.
RoyaltyStat
©
14.
CONFIDENTIALITY.
All information, plans, designs, specifications and the like
supplied by any of the parties hereto or their agents or representatives to another party, its
sublicensees or their respective agents or representatives with respect to the design, merchandising,
marketing or operation of the Retail Locations or with respect to Licensed Products shall be held in
confidence, except as otherwise required by law or in connection with any proceeding between the
parties hereto relating to an alleged breach of this Agreement, and shall be used only to further the
operation of the Retail Locations pursuant to this Agreement.
The party receiving confidential
information shall take all necessary precautions to prevent all other parties from obtaining access
to such information, except to the extent necessary to fulfill the purposes of this Agreement and for
the purpose of this paragraph Trademark Owner, Licensor and Licensee shall be deemed to include their
Affiliates respectively.
Upon termination of this Agreement, each party shall return to the other
party all such information in its possession or in the possession of its sublicensees or their
respective agents or representatives, and thereafter no party nor any sublicensee nor any of their
respective agents or representatives shall make use of any such information gained from the other
party prior to such termination.
Any "Affiliate" of
Trademark Owner, Licensor or Licensee under
this Agreement shall mean any person or entity which, directly or indirectly, owns, is owned by or is
under common ownership with, any other person or entity to the extent of greater than fifty percent
(50%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Trademark Owner, Licensor or Licensee, as the
case may be.
25
15.
EXCLUSIVITY.
(a)
During the term of this Agreement, Trademark Owner and Licensor
jointly and severally agree that Trademark Owner, Licensor and their respective Affiliates, licensees
or sublicensees shall not (i) directly or indirectly sell or distribute the Licensed Products and
other products similar or competitive thereto within the Licensed Territory without the permission of
Licensee or (ii) license the Licensed Mark for use in connection with the operation of retail stores
or on Licensed Products to any other licensee in the Licensed Territory.
Trademark Owner and
Licensor shall not be construed to be in breach of this subparagraph (a) by reason of its or any of
their Affiliates', licensees' or sublicensees' advertising on the Internet for sales outside the
Licensed Territory, or in magazines, newspapers or trade papers, which may reach the Licensed
Territory or by reason of subsequent resales of the Licensed Products within the Licensed Territory
by customers of Trademark Owner and Licensor to whom sales were originally made outside the Licensed
Territory, unless Trademark Owner, Licensor or their respective Affiliates, licensees or sublicensees
were aware, or with reasonable investigation should have been aware, that such customers intended to
resell the Licensed Products within the Licensed Territory.
Trademark Owner and Licensor shall have
the right to produce Licensed Products within the Licensed Territory for sale outside of the Licensed
Territory, provided that Trademark Owner and Licensor shall first consult in good faith with Licensee
on the possibility of establishing joint production and of wholesale distribution outside the
Licensed Territory for such Licensed Products.
©
RoyaltyStat
(b)
Licensee agrees that it shall not operate Retail Locations or sell or distribute
Licensed Products or directly or indirectly export, promote or market Licensed Products outside of
the Licensed Territory with the exception of the Licensed Department
26
without the permission of Licensor.
Licensee shall not be construed to be in breach of this
subparagraph (b) by reason of its advertising on the Internet for sales outside the Licensed
Territory (only after such Internet use policies are set forth pursuant to paragraph 2(d)), or in
magazines, newspapers or trade papers, which may reach beyond the Licensed Territory or by reason of
subsequent sales of Licensed Products outside the Licensed Territory by customers to whom sales were
originally made within the Licensed Territory unless Licensee or its sublicensee was aware or, with
reasonable investigation should have been aware, that such customers intended to resell Licensed
Products outside the Licensed Territory.
RoyaltyStat
©
16.
DEFAULT.
(a)
An event of default shall be deemed to have occurred under this
Agreement if:
(i) Licensee fails to make any royalty payment due hereunder and such default
continues for more than thirty (30) days after notice from Licensor; (ii) any party defaults in the
performance of any of its obligations hereunder and such default is material and continues for more
than thirty (30) days after notice from another party; or (iii) a receiver, trustee or liquidator (or
other similar official) for Trademark Owner, Licensee, Licensor or any guarantor of Licensee is
appointed under the laws of any jurisdiction and is consented to by such party or is not withdrawn
within seventy five (75) days, or such party is named as debtor in any proceeding under any
bankruptcy or similar law and such proceeding is either voluntary or is not discharged within seventy
five (75) days, or such party makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or admits in writing
its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due.
(b)
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the aggrieved
party or parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by sending
27
written notice of such termination to the other parties, specifying the effective date of termination
(hereinafter referred to as the "TERMINATION DATE").
Such Termination Date shall be no less than
sixty (60) days after the date on which written notice of termination is sent.
On such Termination
Date, this Agreement shall terminate as fully as if the Termination Date had been the date set for
the expiration of the term of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding such termination, in the event that
this Agreement is terminated by Licensor pursuant to this paragraph due to a breach by Licensee,
Licensee shall continue to be liable for, at Licensor's or IOA's election as the case may be, (i) the
payments, as and when due, of such entity's portion of the payments scheduled to become due pursuant
to paragraphs 7(a)(i) and 7(b)(i) from the Termination Date to the stated expiration date of this
Agreement, or (ii) the present value of such payments, determined using a discount rate of four
percent (4%) per annum.
(c)
Failure to exercise any right or option hereunder, including any right or option of
termination, shall not constitute a waiver of such right or option.
RoyaltyStat
©
17.
EFFECT OF TERMINATION.
(a)
Termination of this Agreement for any reason shall not
relieve Licensee of any and all of its obligations and payments that accrued prior to the Termination
Date, including, without limitation, its obligation to pay to Licensor the Annual Percentage Royalty
with respect to the Net Sales having accrued prior to such termination.
Licensee and/or its
sublicensee(s), as the case may be, shall have the right to complete the manufacture of and sell such
unsold Licensed Products in its possession at the Termination Date for which royalties would be due
during the twelve (12) month period following the Termination Date of this Agreement and shall pay to
Licensor or IOA any royalty for such sales, pursuant to paragraph 7.
28
(b)
Except as provided in subparagraph 17(a), any sublicense granted by Licensee shall
terminate automatically upon the termination of this Agreement.
(c)
After the termination of this Agreement, each of Trademark Owner, Licensor and
Licensee shall have the right to engage in business with all accounts and customers provided by
Licensee or any sublicensee, or Licensor or Trademark Owner, as the case may be, during the term of
this Agreement, without any liability or accountability to Licensee or such sublicensee, Licensor or
Trademark Owner, as the case may be.
RoyaltyStat
©
(d)
In the event of termination of this Agreement for any reason, Licensee shall permit
Licensor, its agents, attorneys, and accountants to inspect its accounting records and books of
account which are normally required to be held for the specified period under Japanese law, and to
investigate generally all transactions of business carried on by it under and pursuant to this
Agreement, for a period of eighteen (18) months following such termination.
Licensee agrees not to
destroy any of such records prior to the expiration of said eighteen (18) months, PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that Licensee shall not be required to retain such records for more than five (5) years beyond the
end of the royalty year to which they relate.
(e)
Upon the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, Licensee
shall not have acquired and shall not claim any right to use the Licensed Mark and Licensee agrees
that, except as permitted in paragraph 17(a) hereof, it shall not thereafter use, adopt, apply for a
registration of, or acquire a registration of the Licensed Mark or any colorable simulation thereof
or any confusingly similar trademarks or tradenames or any abbreviations, combinations or derivations
thereof.
Promptly after
29
termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall change its corporate name to remove any reference to
the Licensed Mark or colorable simulation thereof or any confusingly similar trademarks and
tradenames or any abbreviations, combinations or derivations thereof.
In addition, if Licensee owns
any application to register, or registration of, the Licensed Marks, Licensee shall promptly transfer
such ownership to Licensor upon termination of this Agreement at no cost to Licensor.
Licensee
shall, after termination of this Agreement, refrain from using any distinctive features of labeling
or design of (i) the Retail Locations without such modifications resulting in losing such outstanding
distinctive features being effected (in the case of obsolescence which results in the loss of such
outstanding distinctive features, such modification being deemed to have been made) or (ii) the
Licensed Products theretofore employed in carrying out the provisions of this Agreement, provided,
however, that the foregoing shall in no event prevent Licensee from using the then existing Retail
Locations for its retail operation or otherwise if they have been modified or deemed to be modified
as provided herein.
RoyaltyStat
©
(f)
Subject to paragraph 17(a), Licensee shall return or cause to be returned all Licensed
Products which are the property of Licensor then in its possession.
Trademark Owner and Licensor
shall have the option to purchase at cost any remaining Licensed Products.
(g)
Subject to paragraphs 17(a) and 17(d) Licensee shall return, cause to be returned or,
at Licensor's direction, destroy all materials relating to the Retail Locations which are the
property of Trademark Owner or Licensor then in its possession.
18.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES; INDEMNITY.
This Agreement shall not in any way be deemed
or construed to establish any relationship between the parties other
30
than as licensor or licensee, and Licensee shall have no authority to bind or obligate Trademark
Owner or Licensor.
Licensee further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
Trademark Owner or
Licensor, their agents and employees, from any liability which may be imposed upon it or them by
virtue of any representation, agency, or breach of this Agreement made by or on the part of Licensee
or any of Licensee's agents or employees.
Licensee further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
Trademark Owner, Licensor, their agents and employees, from any liability, claim or action, excluding
actions relating to Licensee's use of Licensed Mark, brought by a third party arising out of
Licensee's operation and maintenance of Retail Locations, including, without limitation, attorney's
fees and costs relating thereto.
Trademark Owner and Licensor agree to indemnify and hold harmless
Licensee, its agents and employees, from any liability which may be imposed upon it or them by virtue
of any representation or breach of this Agreement made by or on the part of Trademark Owner, Licensor
or any of
their agents or employees.
RoyaltyStat
©
19.
ENGLISH TRANSLATIONS.
All material information to be furnished hereunder to Trademark
Owner and Licensor by Licensee shall, if prepared in a language other than English, be accompanied by
an English translation thereof. Except in the case of notices, Licensee may submit a summarized
English translation if the substance of the information is conveyed thereby.
20.
CHOICE OF LAW; ARBITRATION.
(a)
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in,
and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, laws of Japan applicable to contracts made
and to be performed in Japan.
31
(b)
All disputes, differences or claims, which the parties have not been able to resolve
by mutual agreement, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, its performance or termination
shall be settled and finally determined by arbitration.
Wherever under this Agreement any party is
required to give its consent or approval or the parties are required to reach mutual agreement, the
arbitration shall be limited to a determination whether the parties are acting in good faith as
required in paragraph 22, it being agreed that the substantive matters to which the consents,
approvals or mutual agreements relate are within the special knowledge and ability of the parties and
are not within the jurisdiction of the arbitrators.
Unless otherwise agreed to by all of the
parties, the following provisions shall apply to the arbitration.
The arbitration shall be conducted
pursuant to the Japan-America Trade Arbitration Agreement of September 16, 1952, by which each party
hereto agrees to be bound.
Such arbitration (i) shall be held in Tokyo or New York, as determined by
the party which brings the arbitration proceeding; (ii) shall be conducted in accordance with the
rules of the country in which the arbitration is held; (iii) shall be submitted under the applicable
rules for expedited procedures, with the intent that a final non-appealable award be made and in
effect no later than six (6) months after the initial submission; and (iv) judgments upon the award
rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
RoyaltyStat
©
21.
NOTICE.
Any notice, payment, report or other communication (hereinafter referred to
as a "Notice") required or permitted by this Agreement, unless otherwise provided for herein, shall
be in writing, in English, sent by registered or certified mail, by telecopy or personally delivered,
and addressed as follows:
32
Trademark Owner
and Licensor:
with a copy to:
Licensee:
with a copy to:
575 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York
10017
Attention: General Counsel
Telecopy No.: (212) 450-8480
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP
767 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York
10153
Attention: Ted S. Waksman, Esq.
Telecopy No.: (212) 310-8007
15-16 Shinjuku 3-Chome
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 16
JAPAN
Attention:
President Hidetoshi Yamaoka
Telecopy No.: 011-81-3-5269-1055
HUGHES, HUBBARD & REED LLP
One Battery Park Plaza
New York, New York
10004-1482
Attention: David Wiltenburg, Esq.
Telecopy No.:
(212) 422-4726
©
RoyaltyStat
unless another address for any party is substituted by written notice.
All Notices given hereunder
shall be deemed to be given and received fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of mailing thereof
if sent by registered or certified air mail or, if earlier, when actually received.
All costs and
expenses incurred in sending notice shall be borne by the party dispatching such notice.
22.
MUTUAL COOPERATION.
All actions required or permitted to be taken by the parties
hereunder shall be taken in good faith.
At the request of any party, the other parties shall execute
such documents and agreements as may be necessary to further confirm the terms and provisions hereof
and the intentions of the parties hereto.
Whenever the party is required to make a submission for
another party's approval, such submission shall be made in a timely fashion which will allow for
proper review and execution of the matter being submitted.
Trademark Owner and Licensor shall
cooperate
33
together with Licensee whenever practical to minimize any duplication of the performance of an
obligation by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation, such obligations
under paragraphs 8, 9 and 11 hereof.
The parties have taken or shall promptly take such actions as
may be required to comply with applicable government regulations including the completion of all
required ministerial filings and registration required or permitted under Japanese law.
23.
AUTHORITY.
Each of Trademark Owner, Licensor and Licensee represents and warrants
that it has due power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations in accordance
with this Agreement, and that its execution, delivery and performance will not violate currently
applicable laws or the rights of third parties.
24.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
This Agreement embodies the entire understanding among the parties
regarding the subject matter hereof, all prior correspondence, conversations or memorandum being
merged herein and replaced hereby and being without effect hereon, and no change, alteration or
modification hereof may be made, except in writing, signed by the parties hereto.
RoyaltyStat
©
34
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 28 day of January,
1999.
Trademark Owner:
BARNEY'S, INC.
RoyaltyStat
©
By /s/ Thomas C. Shull
---------------------------------
Name:
Thomas C. Shull
Title: President
BNY LICENSING CORP.
By /s/ Thomas C. Shull
---------------------------------
Name:
Thomas C. Shull
Title: President
BARNEYS JAPAN CO., LTD.
By /s/ Hidetoshi Yamaoka
---------------------------------
Name:
Hidetoshi Yamaoka
Title: President
Licensor:
Licensee:
RoyaltyStat
©
